These items may be found at any time in a Wild Draegon's horde with a d100 roll of 75 or greater, then a d6 roll to determine the item. However, the Swords
of Prophis are a separate set of items, which cannot be found outside of their quest from the Draegon King Prothesis. The Scales can only be found during a
quest for the Draegon Lord of the element the scale belongs to. Should one or more of these items reamin unfound by the time the players encounter one of the
Draegon Lords correlating with the unfound item, the Draegon Lord will send the players to be sent to an unknown plane to fetch this item. This will result
in a randomly generated dungeon from https://donjon.bin.sh/5e/dungeon/ . Should the players die within this cavern they will be returned to the Draegon,
without a portion of their gold (taken by the Draegon Lord, who used some of their own as a material to rescue the party) and all at 1 HP, which must be
healed by means other than long rest.



Items:
Helm of Azuris:
	Grants user the ability to exist underwater for a definite amount of time. The user breathes as normal during this time, as the helm behaves as a
	set of gills for up to 1 hour. While wearing this helm, the user may communicate with all aquatic creatures as well as any non-hostile, non-aquatic
	creatures currently submerged in water telepathically. The helm grants the user a swimming speed of 30, and darkvision up to 60 feet underwater. When
	combined with the Scale of Azuris the Helm now grants the user indefinite water breathing, a swimming speed of 60 feet, darkvision up to 120 feet,
	and the spell Control Water twice per Long Rest.

Boots of Slait:
	While wearing these boots, the user may ignore rough terrain not caused by ice or swamps. The boots give the user advantage on any roll to prevent
	the user from being knocked prone

Bracers of Lavar:
	While wearing these bracers, the user is resistant to fire damage

Cloak of Ventis:
	

Ring of Vigos:
	

Ammulet of Imum:
	

Swords of Prophis:
	

Scales:
Scale of Azuris
	Grants user the ability to exist underwater for a definite amount of time. The user breathes as normal during this time, as the scale behaves as a
	set of gills for up to 1 hour. With this scale, the user may cast the spell Control Water twice per Long rest. The scale also grants a swimming
	speed of 30 feet and darkvision of up to 60 feet underwater.

Scale of Slait
	Grants the user the ability to ignore rough terrain not caused by ice or swamps.

Scale of Lavar
	

Scale of Ventis
	

Scale of Vigos
	

Scale of Imum
	

Scale of Prophis
	